# LibRoad
Android third-party library Detection
Third-party library (TPL) detection seeks to efficiently and accurately identify TPLs incorporated in Android applications with the time cost as low as possible, which plays a very important role in software analysis and has a wide application. The focus of recent works on TPL detection has been shifted to the signature based approach. However, previous methods that follow the idea have several limitations such as high time complexity and low precision, especially with the presence of similar TPLs and various versions of a TPL. 
To solve these issues, we propose a rapid, online, and accurate TPL detection approach, named LibRoad, which also follows the line of the signature based research. To reduce the time cost, our approach integrates an application preprocessing component and a pairwise package matching component. The former divides an application into primary modules and non-primary modules to enable us focus on analyzing packages in non-primary modules that are the most possibly imported from a TPL. The latter adopts a combination of the package name based matching policy for non-obfuscated packages and the signature-based matching policy for obfuscated packages, where the package name based matching policy has a lower time complexity than the signature based one. Further, to improve performance, our approach integrates a perfectly matched package and TPL determination component, which adopts the package filter mechanism, online TPL detection, and local TPL discovery to identify TPLs imported in an application with low false positive and false negative. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to not only detect TPLs with the accurate version but also provide the capacity of online detection and TPL discovery. We conduct several groups of experiments on real-world applications and a ground truth base. Experimental results show our approach has the precision of 94.33%, the recall of 99.86%, and high efficiency. 

Usage:
LibRoad accepts two inputs: an Android app (.apk file) and a list of libraries (.dex file). 
LibRoad returns a list of ARP---library pairs as results.It is possible for each ARP to have more than one lib.Since our approach applies a global searching policy to find a TPL with the highest similarity score as the perfectly matched one instead of relying on a threshold-based policy, which is helpful to minimize the possibility of false positives.
TPL Discovery from the Local Repository requires a large Local database, and LibRoad alone does not work.
About Groundtruth:
We construct a ground truth base of 2800 application-library pairs, covering 300 applications and more than 6000 TPLs, which can be used to evaluate the of the TPL detection approaches.
300 apps have been included in 300.zip and groundtruth list is in 2800groundtruth.txt
we also construct another ground base of 14233 application-library pairs, covering 1000 applications and more than 12000 TPLs.
